---
date: '2025-04-29' # always yyyy-MM-dd
id: 'IIN-P0002-2025-04-17-Bleach'
fuid: "GH:kilasuit|IINs|Partial|Anime|Bleach|IIN-P0002-2025-04-29-Bleach"
type: 'Partial'
contentType: 'Series' 
author: 'kilasuit' # should be your GitHub user ID if used in GitHub
authorName: 'Ryan Yates' # should be your real name
authorContactPreference: 'See Your Thoughts Section'
orcidId: '0009-0009-6030-3517' # should be your orcid.org ID
generalOpinion: 'Love ♥'  # options are 'Love ♥', 'Like 👍', 'Dislike 👎', 'Unsure 🤔'
#wouldUse: 'Absolutely'# this isn't applicable for this type
wouldRecommend: 'Absolutely'
rating: "9.7"
reviewDate: '2025-12-01' # always yyyy-MM-dd
reasonToReview: 'Follow Up later in the series and publish either additional partial IIN or Full IIN'
#updatedDate: '2025-04-21'
#updateReason: 'Minor additions like Markdown linting'
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD025 MD026 MD034 -->
# TL:DR (To Long Didn’t Read)

I give this Series a 9.7 out of 10, which I will detail further.

This series is based on work by Tite Kubo and is (at time of authoring this IIN) on a hiatus from being broadcasted.

If you want to read more on this, there is the Wikipedia listings and fandom sites

This is a partial IIN, and whilst you think this will be long to read this, I intend to in time, author further IIN's and DINs around this series at different parts throughout the series.

The reasoning being, is there are many different areas where both IINs and DINs make sense, like for new characters, or as they are developing throughout the series.

# Bleach (Manga)

Bleach started out as Manga, and this is something in time that I want to own the full series & offshoots.

# Bleach (Anime)

It's 2025 and well this IIN & all related ones are well overdue, considering that the content behind it I have been consuming since around 2006(ish) and more so that this content is something that has come back with the Thousand Blood War Arc (TWBA) being a recent enough revival of the series.

There are current 17 series - each of these will have their own IINs & DINs

# Bleach (Films)

There are currently 4 films - each of these will have their own IINs & DINs

# Bleach (Specials)

there are currently 2 specials - each of these will have their own IINs & DINs

# Bleach (Music)

There is loads of music & Bleach for me has some of the best music going. I tend to cover as much of this in a single DIN.

# Bleach Fan Content

There is loads of fan content out there for Bleach.

I intend to mention some of the different channels etc in this IIN & link to their own review IIN.

## How do I consume this content?

As I was introduced to Bleach in Japanese, via fansubbed episodes, and since via Disney+ subscriptions, I am much more comfortable in watching the series in Japanese, as opposed, to in my opinion, **really** <u><b>really</b></u> dumbed down translations compared to the fansubbed materials.

Fansubbed, has always been of higher quality, more realistic & importantly, doesn't tend to take 18+ content and make it more `PG` by actively replacing much of the translated materials from their original intent.

I watch Bleach, as something to help relax, due to the amount of really great thought provoking Psychology in the writing & character building, which is why it gets such a high rating from me.

I probably on average will rewatch all the anime episodes something like once ever year/18months or so.

## Initial Thoughts

So I have to like dive back into my teens for this, so lets see how good my memory really is.

I was introduced to this around the time the first episode aired in Japan & I remember fansubs being something with this and One Piece being another series that me and friends watched at the time.

I loved it that much that I enjoyed following the progression over the years.

I will come back and write up more detailed per episode IINs that may be either Partial or Full IIN's or more likely do a both a partial and a full one, just for me to showcase the benefits of IINs to their full extent.

## The Storyline and Writing

This is for me one of those where the more & more I watch this the more I enjoy it & find it so incredibly calming to have on in the background.

I intend to write more about this in DIN's

## Wrap up

This is for me a `much watch` series, much like Pokemon, Yugi-Oh, DragonBall, Demon Slayer, Record of Ragnarok, Sword Art Online, BAKI, just to name a few other anime.

## Your Thoughts?

Let me know your thoughts on this IIN along with others via raising an [IIN Feedback Issue](https://github.com/kilasuit/IINs/issues/new?template=IINFeedback.yml) with your comments, perhaps linking to an IIN you host in a repository like this, or a blog article of your own.

Don't have or want to use GitHub? Then feel free to fill out this [IIN Feedback form](https://forms.office.com/e/ujs0533VUH) and I will look to review & action this feedback once I've decided how I will best tackle reviewing these submissions.

### About me

I'm Ryan, an IT Consultant, Developer, DevOps Engineer, Administrator & Solutions Architect that focuses on Microsoft 365, Azure & Automation using PowerShell with an interest in Business/Process Automation, User Interfaces / User Experience (UI/UX) & Sciences like Psychology.  

You can follow me from links on [my blog](https://blog.kilauit.org/) or my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/kilasuit/) & [you can follow my YouTube channel](https://youtube.com/@kilasuit90) where I am going to be publishing more fun filled & tech content.

I also manage and author content around how Mental Health Affects Someone Like Me at https://mhasl.me and have presented about it at Microsoft Ignite in 2019 which you can watch at https://ignite.mhasl.me

This IIN & other IINs & other similar types of content of mine are brought to you as a way of both documenting my thoughts like Initial, Developing & Final reactions, but also in helping make things that I do more visible than they had been, in a way that showcases the skillset that I have that is useful for working in this and other industries, by giving me plenty pf opportunities to develop content.
