---
date: 2025-04-17 # always yyyy-MM-dd
id: 'IIN-P01-2025-04-17-Scott_and_Mark_Series'
fuid: kilasuit\IINs\TechStuff\Scott_and_Mark\IIN-P01-2025-04-17-Series
type: 'Partial'
partialType: 'Series' 
author: 'kilasuit' # should be your GitHub user ID if used in GitHub
authorName: 'Ryan Yates' # should be your real name
authorContactPreference: 'See Your Thoughts Section'
orcid-id: '0009-0009-6030-3517' # should be your https://orcid.org/ ID
generalOpinion: 'Love ♥'  # options are 'Love ♥', 'Like 👍', 'Dislike 👎', 'Unsure 🤔'
#wouldUse: 'Absolutely'# this isn't applicable for this type
wouldRecommend: 'Absolutely'
rating: '8.6/10'
reviewDate: 2025-06-01 # always yyyy-MM-dd
reasonToReview: 'Follow Up and determine if there's a need for a Full or additional partial IIN'
#updatedDate:
---

# TL:DR (To Long Didn’t Read)

I give this Series a [solid 5/7](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/fight-club-57-movie) (kidding this is a solid 8.6/10 so far) and am looking forward to the content that this series will bring and the humour that both Scott & Mark bring as part of it.

I happily would recommend spending the time consuming this content. 

# Scott & Mark Learn To...

This is series from 2 long time Microsoft Employees, Scott Hanselman (YT | Twitter/X | BSky | Blog) & Mark Russinovich (YT | Twitter/X | BSky | Blog), neither should need introducing if you have been around Microsoft tech for any amount of time.

This [series is available on Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0M0zPgJ3HSf4XZvYgZPUXgSrfzBN26pf) & I believe it is on other platforms too.

## How do I consume this content?

I will initially watch episodes on Youtube, streamed either on my Xbox from a tablet typically whilst I am busy with other things like writing PowerShell or looking through the PowerShell/PowerShell repo issues, reading BSky/Twitter or whatever it may be that I am spending my time doing at that time, whether that be writing notes, [tweaking my PowerShell Profile,](https://github.com/kilasuit) listening to music, cooking, cleaning or any other number of things whilst I am currently unemployed.

I however will periodically rewatch episodes multiple times, often within the first few weeks or months of them being available to allow me to ensure that I have understood the content & so that I can bring forward useful comments around the topics raised as part of this series & is something I do with just about everything I enjoy, occasionally doing the same with things I don't.

## Initial Thoughts 

This is shaping up to be a really great series, one that I wish we may seem similar series coming from other areas across Microsoft too as well as across communities like the dotnet(.NET) community, Azure, Windows and others. One that I would like to see more from is from community leaders like [MGCI (Microsoft Global Community Initiative) Board Members, Regional Leaders & Steering Committee](https://adoption.microsoft.com/en-gb/microsoft-global-community-initiative/advisors/) (which Scott is a Member of the Steering Committee & I am a Regional Leader), [Regional Directors, MVPs & Student Ambassadors](https://mvp.microsoft.com), which I've been in the MVP Community & know plenty across it the RD community and have known some Student Ambassadors in my time. 

I would love to see more conversations though not just inside these communities, but outside them too. Hallway recordings at conferences are are great one. 

Perhaps Scott and Mark could have guests on, much like how other podcasts/series including ones like the [PowerScripting Podcast,](https://www.youtube.com/PowerScriptingLive) have had in the past. I had a tiny involvement in before we lost momentum in 2020, like a lot of other things did.

With the vast knowledge that both Scott and Mark have, I can't see how this series can be anything but a good content source to learn from, particlarly if you look at the extensive library of content that Scott has on his Youtube and blogs, let alone look at what Mark has produced over the years. Both of which are regularly delivered in ways that are informative and like this with a bit of humour built in too.

This is also a really great series showcasing just how beneficial it is to be able to have chats with someone that shares some similar knowledge as you and for you and them to take a topic and discuss and learn from it together. This is a classic form of "pairing" / "mentoring" and is something that when we work collaboratively, whether in person or remotely this really does open up for the best of results.

This series particularly highlights, right now, how great it is to be able to work either from home or from the office. I expect we may get a special bonus session at some point where both are AFD (Away From Desk) and out in the community, perhaps at a conference like Build. But that's just because that is the kind of content I'd put together if I was currently feeling like I'd enjoy recording this kind of content, which is why I am spending time like this instead. 

I will come back and write up more detailed per episode IINs that may be either Partial or Full IIN's or more likely do a both a partial and a full one, just for me to showcase the benefits of IINs to their full extent.

## Content Choices

Scott and Mark have made good decisions on the differing content topic so far.
Whlist this series has (at time of authoring this IIN) a very varied set of content, it has only been running since around October 2024 (from this [tweet](https://x.com/jolson88/status/1844553802437058862)) so is still very early days.

I have enjoyed everything sofar & with the following being ones that whilst I didn't expect them, they were very muuch above and beyond what I had initially expected as types of content from these two.

- Find Joy in Hobbies
- Skin Care
- YAP

The following were exactly what I had expected from them

- How Not to Ship the Org Chart
- Use AI and Know AI Limitations
- Pick a Programming Language
- Undocumented APIs
- Take a Dump
- The History of the Cloud
- Zoomit
- Systems Thinking


## Wrap up

This is for me a `much watch` series, and whilst there will be some interesting areas where they get you thinking `hey is that actually how it is` from soem of theirr comments, the jokey nature of this series so far makes it very much worth actively watching / listening to or sticking on in the background and partially ignoring.

From this & was some I had intended on doing anyway is to on [Mental Health Affects Someone Like Me](https://mhasl.me) to author & produce content around the Science behind active and passive listening, particularly Music or otehr content like this and what this can do to improve/detract from you [achieving your Flow State](https://mhasl.me/2023/08/22/flow-state-and-what-it-has-to-do-with-bruce-lees-famous-water-quote/)

This also reminds me that I have some tasks related to publishing the content on that site, which due to a lapse in GitHub Pro Sponsorship, along with other things, I need to change the publish mechanism.

However, I will be keeping a very close eye on this series, and if like me, this series has already spurred you on to go and create new content, like websites, videos or coded applications, whether on your own or collaboratively with another, then it's done its job.

## Future 

This has a great future to it. Whilst it would be great to have a massive dump of content to binge watch because I am both great/terrible for binging multiple series back to back as part of my relax & decompression & deep research cycles, I do the same with lots of other types of content too. 

So I am looking forward to more of their content, and whilst this IIN is a written one, and has some minor spelling mistakes, this is to keep in line with how I know that I am an individual that is far from perfect & thta [I will make mistakes but I will learn from tehm](https://blog.kilasuit.org/2023/07/08/i-will-make-mistakes-but-i-will-learn-from-them/) particularly as I learn best when I'm in very DEEP research mode which often is using background learning & not foreground learning. Somthing that I'll detail elsewhere like my blog in future.

I intend to track when new episodes are available by using a custom section in my PowerShell Prompt as part of my [PowerShell Profile](https://github.com/kilasuit/PSProfile), however that is something that is further down the line as this will need some public and private elements.

## Your Thoughts?

Let me know your thoughts on this IIN along with others via raising an [IIN Feedback Issue](https://github.com/kilasuit/IINs/issues/new?template=IINFeedback.yml) with your comments, perhaps linking to an IIN you host in a repository like this, or a blog article of your own.

Don't have or want to use GitHub? Then feel free to fill out this [IIN Feedback form](https://forms.office.com/e/ujs0533VUH) and I will look to review & action this feedback once I've decided how I will best tackle reviewing these submissions.

### About me

I'm Ryan, an IT Consultant, Developer, DevOps Engineer, Administrator & Solutions Architect that focuses on Microsoft 365, Azure & Automation using PowerShell with an interest in Business/Process Automation, User Interfaces / User Experience (UI/UX) & Sciences like Psychology.  

You can follow me from links on [my blog](https://blog.kilauit.org/) or my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/kilasuit/)

I author content around how Mental Health Affects Someone Like Me at https://mhasl.me and have presented about it at Microsoft Ignite in 2019 which you can watch at https://ignite.mhasl.me

This IIN & other IINs of mine are brought to you as a way of both documenting my thoughts & Initial Reactions, but also in helping make things that I do more visible than they had been, whilst enabling me opportunities to build more content producing and reviewing processes.

